the show itself is very simple it's
based on a love story and it's a really
simple message about love done around
the 80s music and 80s font and a lot of
eighties dress and hair I think being on
stage is different from doing TV as I'm
mostly known for to you what stage is
better because you immediately know if
something works and if it doesn't and if
it doesn't work and you can go on the
next day and make it work
Oh
what Karen Bruce the director and
choreographer who I must say is lovely
lovely lovely person and daughter Fame
she plays to everybody's strengths she's
added a lot of eighties elements into
the and it's not just like yeah just
dance flags
this is Natalie's first tour so it's
nice to introduce her and I hope you
enjoy this please yeah enjoy yourself
because you know what lives too serious